+++
date = "2019-03-20T02:19:07+00:00"
page_kind = "testimonial"
testimonial_content = "The house itself is absolutely gorgeous and unique. No other home had such unique touches. It is so much more than four walls.\n\nAlthough it is a large home (5000+ sq.ft.) it is designed in such a way that it still feels cozy. This home is truly a work of art, everyone who comes to visit says they have never seen a home quite like it. The architect and designers took their time with this home and really spent time thinking about making it comfortable and easy for whoever will live in it. That is something that most of the homebuilders in the area are just not doing to this degree. In some homes you see all the effort going into the kitchen and master bathroom and then you notice the other bathrooms and bedrooms seem to get the “poor relative” treatment by comparison. That is not the case here, there is equal thought into the fixtures and design of all spaces, which really gives a great feel of uniformity and coherence to the home.\n\nAfter closing. I was very pleasantly surprised with just how good the attention is. I am able to call or email and get same day, usually within the hour response back, and often immediate response to questions and then getting things scheduled. I can happily say that I have never received better, quicker, friendlier nor more polite service than I have from Onpoint. Some companies will try and tell you that “that is just how it is”, but Onpoint goes the extra mile to listen, figure it out and fix it.\n\nI would without any hesitation recommend this builder not only for the artfulness and thoughtfulness of their designs but equally for their outstanding, yes outstanding customer focus. Onpoint knows its business and deserves all the success for caring and catering to its customers and adding some art and imagination to Houston’s landscape.\n\nThank you for making our dreams a reality!!"
testimonial_name = "Michael H."
testimonial_type_of_client = "New Home Construction"
testimonial_video = ""

+++
